For about how long was Captain America asleep before being thawed from a deep freeze?
70 years
What actor voiced Thanos in 'Guardians of the Galaxy'?
Josh Brolin
Who gives Loki his powerful scepter as a gift?
Thanos
Who said it? "The world will be his. The universe yours. And the humans, what can they do but burn?"
The Other
Who was Bruce Banner's love interest in 'The Incredible Hulk'?
Betty Ross
Who ends up with the Aether after the events of 'Thor: The Dark World'?
The Collector
What was the name of the group of mercenaries who raised Star-Lord?
The Ravagers
Name Star-Lord's mother.
Meredith Quill
Who said it? "You made my men, some of the most highly trained professionals in the world, look like a bunch of minimum-wage mall cops."
Agent Coulson
Forged in the heart of a dying star, what is Thor's hammer's name?
Mjolnir
Who said it? "Well now I'm standing. Happy? We're all standing now. Bunch of jackasses, standing in a circle."
Rocket Raccoon
What's Captain America's shield made of?
Vibranium
What was the name of the group of soldiers who fought alongside Captain America in World War II?
The Howling Commandos
Name this character, who developed the super soldier serum in 'Captain America.'
Dr. Abraham Erskine
In which Marvel movie did Samuel L. Jackson first appear as Nick Fury?
Iron Man
Who played Nebula in 'Guardians of the Galaxy'?
Karen Gillan
It's been confirmed outside the movies that the Tesseract is which Infinity Stone?
The Space Stone
What race is Ronan the Accuser?
Kree
Who said it? "I do anything and everything Mr. Stark requires. Including occasionally taking out the trash. Will that be all?"
Pepper Potts
Who said it? "Nothing goes over my head. My reflexes are too fast. I would catch it."
Drax
Where did Iron Man first face off against Whiplash?
Monaco
What classic video game does Tony Stark catch someone playing on the S.H.I.E.L.D. heli-carrier in "The Avengers"?
Galaga
What weapon is Fandral known best to use?
Rapier
What kind of food does Tony Stark suggest the Avengers eat after saving New York in "The Avengers"?
Shawarma
Who said it? "I like your knife, I'm keeping it."
Drax
Who said it? "I am burdened with glorious purpose."
Loki
In the comic books, Jane Foster is a nurse. What's her profession in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Physicist
Nova Prime holds authority over this planet seen in "Guardians of the Galaxy."
Xandar
Who said it? "Citizens of Xandar, behold your guardians of the galaxy! What fruit have they wrought?"
Ronan The Accuser
What's Hawkeye's real name?
Clint Barton
What's Iron Man's real name?
Tony Stark
Name the space port that is built in the severed head of a giant Celestial being.
Knowhere
What power source fuels Tony Stark's Iron Man suit?
Arc Reactor