What song did the Disneyland Band play for the flag lowering ceremony on December 16, 1966, the day Walt Disney died?
When You Wish Upon a Star
When the Carousel of Progress moved from Disneyland to Walt Disney World, what attraction took its place?
America Sings
In 1995 a time capsule was buried at Sleeping Beauty Castle in Disneyland for their 40th Anniversary, what year is it scheduled to be opened?
2035
In which Disney park attraction can you hear this line "Give us a hint by ringing a bell"?
The Haunted Mansion
In the Matterhorn in Disneyland, by what name is the abominable snowman referred to as?
Harold
What popular snack chip was originated in Disneyland after the owner of Frito Lay opened a restaurant on the property?
Doritos
What is the name of the first drop on Splash Mountain?
Slippin Falls
What Fantasyland attraction was first created for the 1964-65 New York World's Fair?
It's a Small World
In what Disney Attraction can you hear the song "Sooner or Later" being played?
Splash Mountain
According to the song in Splash Mountain, "everybody's got a..." what?
laughing place
What number is on the sign above the Disneyland Fire Department signifying its Main Street address?
105
What Disneyland attraction was originally going to use live animals but zoologists advised Walt Disney not to because the animals would be asleep quite a bit?
The Jungle Cruise
Which television network owned a percentage of Disneyland when it opened?
ABC
In what year did Davy Jones first appear in the Pirates of the Caribbean Disneyland attraction?
2006
What was the first Disneyland attraction to experiment with using the FAST PASS System?
Space Mountain
What type of cars were the original Disneyland Autopia cars designed to resemble?
Ferrari
What ride plunges guests into the Briar Patch?
Splash Mountain
Where did Miley Cyrus celebrated her Sweet 16 Birthday?
Disneyland
What Disney Attraction is best known for providing the Wildest Ride in the Wilderness?
Big Thunder Mountain Railroad
Which Disney park features Ariel's castle?
Tokyo Disneysea
What is the name of the statue that is located in the hub at Disneyland?
The Partner's Statue
Which Disney theme park once featured the Frontierland attraction, "Mine Train Through Nature's Wonderland"?
Disneyland
What name was Walt Originally going to give to Disneyland?
Mickey Mouse Park
Within which Disney theme park attraction would you most likely encounter Old Smiley?
The Jungle Cruise
What Disney attraction features replicas of chess pieces located on its roof?
The Haunted Mansion
At the Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, what is the goat chewing on?
dynamite
When Disneyland was first built, what occupied the land before it was bought by Walt?
orange grove
What is the one snack food item that you will never find for sale on Walt Disney World property?
gum
In Disney's Haunted Mansion what is the grill in front of the foyer fireplace shaped like?
bat
According to the pre show video of Disney's Tower of Terror, how many people were in the elevator when it got struck by lightning?
5
What is the underground tunnel system of Disneyworld called?
Utilidor
How many steps are in-between every trash can at Disneyland?
30
Who's castle is located in Disneyland?
Sleeping Beauty
Who's castle is located in Disneyworld?
Cinderella
How far is the drop on Splash Mountain?
5 stories