In the movie "Tangled," Flynn Rider is wanted dead or alive according to his wanted poster because he's a...
thief
In "Sleeping Beauty," what is the name of Maleficent’s pet raven?
Diablo
In "The Lion King," what side of Scar's face is his scar on?
left
In "Frozen," how many brothers does Hans have?
12
In "Aladdin," what does Aladdin, and a reluctant Abu, give to the poor children to eat?
bread
What is the name of the organization Bernard and Miss Bianca work in "The Rescuers"?
The Rescue Aid Society
In "Princess and the Frog," what fictional country is Prince Naveen from?
Maldonia
On whose shoulders does Dopey stand on in order to dance with Snow White during “The Silly Song” scene?
Sneezy
In "Peter Pan," what hand did Captain Hook lose to the crocodile?
left
How many years does the Genie say he has been trapped in the lamp?
10,000
In "The Sword in the Stone," what is the name of Merlin’s pet owl?
Archimedes
In "Lady and the Tramp," Jim Dear gives his wife Darling, Lady as a gift for…
Christmas
In "The Little Mermaid," what alias does Ursula use when she becomes human?
Vanessa
In "101 Dalmatians," how many puppies does Perdita give birth to?
15
On what side of her head does Anna get her platinum blonde streak?
right
What character from a Disney Full Length Animated Feature has the nickname Wonderboy?
Hercules
Of the four princesses, Snow White, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, and Ariel, which is the only one with brown eyes?
Snow White
What Disney Character was accidentally referred to by the names: Bingo, Chico, Elmo, Fabio, and Harpo?
Nemo
What second language does Dory claim to be able to speak in Finding Nemo?
whale
In the film Enchanted, what land do the fairy tale characters come from?
Andalasia
In A Bugs Life when Flik walks through the city traffic in Bug City a sign advertises what popular broadway musical?
Lion King on Broadway
Which full length animated feature did Walt Disney originally consider having as a Live Action Film with Mary Martin having the lead role?
Peter Pan
Before Mickey Mouse, what Disney character was suggested to be the Sorcerer's Apprentice in Fantasia?
Dopey
Which Disney Full Length Animated Fetaure was the last one to use a storybook as an introduction in the begining of the movie?
Robin Hood
In Lady & the Tramp, by what name did Tony call Tramp?
Butch
What is the name of the Hummingbird in Pocahontas?
Flit
In the Little Mermaid, what is the name of Prince Eric's dog?
Max
What 1970s Full Length Animated Feature was originally planned to be a 2-Part Live Action Special on Television?
The Aristocats
In the Animated Feature "The Aristocats", who was the leader of the Jazz Band?
Scat Cat
In the Animated Feature Tarzan, what is Jane's Last Name?
Porter
What was the first Disney Full Length Animated Feature that was based on actual historic events?
Pocahontas
According to a song in Alice in Wonderland, how many un-birthdays does one have each year?
364
In Pinocchio, what does Jiminy Cricket use for his bed in Gepetto's Workshop?
matchbox
Which one of the mice does Cinderella save from the mousetrap?
Gus