What is the name of Boba Fett's ship?
Slave I
What year did Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope release?
1977
What year did Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace release?
1999
What year did Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens release?
2015
Who was the original commander of the Death Star?
Grand Moff Tarkin
What is Chewbacca's home planet?
Kashyyk
Whose DNA was used in the creation of the Clone Army?
Jango Fett
What was on the Forest Moon of Endor that the Rebels destroyed?
shield generator
Who said it? "Good against remotes is one thing. Good against the living, that's something else."
Han Solo
What creature attacked Luke Skywalker on the snow planet of Hoth at the beginning of Episode V?
wampa
Who was the actor inside R2-D2?
Kenny Baker
What location stood in for Tatooine in the first 1977 'Star Wars' movie?
Tunisian Desert
What's the name of the famous yelling sound effect that can be heard in every 'Star Wars' movie?
Wilhelm Scream
How old is Padme Amidala when she's elected to the position of Queen of Naboo?
14
What is the name of the snow-covered planet in Episode V?
Hoth
Who was the puppeteer that voiced Yoda?
Frank Oz
On what planet was the clone factory?
Kamino
Who said it? "From here, you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance and the end of your insignificant rebellion."
Emperor Palpatine
Who played Lando Calrissian?
Billy Dee Williams
Who played Count Dooku?
Christopher Lee
Who plays Chewbacca?
Peter Mayhew
What are the two-legged Imperial walkers called that were used in the battle on the Forest Moon of Endor?
AT-ST
Which Imperial spacecrafts are shaped like triangles?
Star Destroyer
What is the name of the giant Imperial space station shaped like a moon?
The Death Star
What two-legged creature did Luke and Han ride on Hoth?
Tauntaun
What species was Jar-Jar?
Gungan
Who said it? "Mos Eisley spaceport. You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy."
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Where did Darth Vader reveal himself to be Luke's father?
Cloud City
On what planet did Luke find Yoda?
Dagobah
Who said it? "Nooooooooooooooooooo!"
Darth Vader
In the prequels, what is the name of the planet that is nearly covered in cities?
Coruscant
Who played Darth Vader on the set of the movie?
David Prowse
Who voiced Darth Vader?
James Earl Jones